c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\obj\Debug\HealthService.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\HealthService.Data.dll.config
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\HealthService.Data.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\HealthService.Data.pdb
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\HealthService.Core.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\HealthService.Core.pdb
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\obj\Debug\HealthService.Data.dll
c:\Users\smh_b\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HealthService\HealthService.Data\obj\Debug\HealthService.Data.pdb
